We need to fetch the file password.txt,
so I'll add that here.
Then we need to use the PUT method and we
need to send along the letter X-Udacity-Exercise.
The text here can be anything,
so I'll just set it to fetch rocks.
Sending the request gives me the code.
Great job.
So, did you try coding the fetch request yourself?
Let me quickly show you how I did it.
Basically, it should look the same as over here except we need to handle the response.
A fetch request returns a promise,
so I'll chain onto that.
In here, I'll get the response and return its text.
This is another promise so I'll chain on another then.
Finally, this is the password that gets logged out.
Great work. Hopefully, you can see how fetch makes requesting files so easy.